feat: example of mcp server (#3381)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: tools/@o3r/mcp/README.md

<h1 align="center">Otter MCP</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/main/assets/logo/otter.png" alt="Super cute Otter!" width="40%"/>
</p>

<br />
<br />

## Description

> A small example of MCP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A small example of an MCP server.
```

## How to use with VSCode

To add the Otter MCP server, you should first activate mcp with `"chat.mcp.enabled": true`.

> [!WARNING]

> > If you are logged on VSCode with your company account,
> > this settings may be grayed out, it may be due to your company setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are logged into VSCode with your company account,
> this setting may be grayed out. This may be due to your company's settings.
```

> Then in your `.vscode/mcp.json` add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, in your `.vscode/mcp.json` add:
```
